README.md, before:

# README-Generator ![https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Unlicensed-lightgrey](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Unlicensed-lightgrey)
  
## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)

- [Installation](#installation)
  
- [Usage](#usage)
 
- [Contributing](Contributing)
 
- [License](#license)

- [Questions](#questions)

## Description

I made this project because making readme.md files from scratch for every project can feel tedious at times. This project should made the task much easier to deal with and come out looking professional in a timely manner.

## Installation
  
To install this project, just visit the GitHub link [https://github.com/ThomasCsk/readme-generator](https://github.com/ThomasCsk/readme-generator). From there, you can either clone the repository, or download a ZIP File of the project
  
## Usage
  
To use this project, you will first need to open the project in VS code. From there, you will open an integrated terminal and type in `npm install`. This will download the necessary packages for the project. You will then type `node index.js` into the terminal, which will then bring up the prompts that you should fill out. Once you fill out the prompts, your generated markdown file will have been created.

## Contributing

This project is completely open to the public. If you wish to use anything in it, feel free to do so. For legality's sake though, please checkout the license that this project is under.
 
## License

This project is current operating under the following license:

Unlicensed

You can find more information regarding this license by clicking on the following link:
[https://choosealicense.com/licenses/unlicense/](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/unlicense/)

## Questions

If you have any questions, you can reach me at my Email:

[tciszek515@gmail.com](#tciszek515@gmail.com)

Or at my github account:

[https://github.com/ThomasCsk](https://github.com/ThomasCsk)

Commit message:

video link added to readme file

README.md, after:

# README-Generator ![https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Unlicensed-lightgrey](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Unlicensed-lightgrey)
  
## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)

- [Installation](#installation)
  
- [Usage](#usage)
 
- [Contributing](Contributing)
 
- [License](#license)

- [Questions](#questions)

## Description

I made this project because making readme.md files from scratch for every project can feel tedious at times. This project should made the task much easier to deal with and come out looking professional in a timely manner.

## Installation
  
To install this project, just visit the GitHub link [https://github.com/ThomasCsk/readme-generator](https://github.com/ThomasCsk/readme-generator). From there, you can either clone the repository, or download a ZIP File of the project
  
## Usage
  
To use this project, you will first need to open the project in VS code. From there, you will open an integrated terminal and type in `npm install`. This will download the necessary packages for the project. You will then type `node index.js` into the terminal, which will then bring up the prompts that you should fill out. Once you fill out the prompts, your generated markdown file will have been created. A link to a demonstration video can be found here: [https://drive.google.com/file/d/1RGw4uR14_iVolf15e8IBPVemQRZN_N5m/view](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1RGw4uR14_iVolf15e8IBPVemQRZN_N5m/view)

## Contributing

This project is completely open to the public. If you wish to use anything in it, feel free to do so. For legality's sake though, please checkout the license that this project is under.
 
## License

This project is current operating under the following license:

Unlicensed

You can find more information regarding this license by clicking on the following link:
[https://choosealicense.com/licenses/unlicense/](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/unlicense/)

## Questions

If you have any questions, you can reach me at my Email:

[tciszek515@gmail.com](#tciszek515@gmail.com)

Or at my github account:

[https://github.com/ThomasCsk](https://github.com/ThomasCsk)
